So what's going on?
An operation was attempted.
You kicked the fucking
wasps' nest.
Now they know she's valuable.
We get an asset in
high up in Russia.
Weeks later. he's dead.
What does that look like to you?
U.S. Marine Corps tattoo.
That man was. or still is.
an American citizen.
-Who's this?
-Hassan Zamani.
Youngest son of a powerful
political clan.
Hassan just attacked Buzzard.
who is now pressing charges
and wants Gremlin to testify.
Where is she?
You need to offer us
something valuable.
Something new.
I can give you a source in Iran.
The executioner's been ID'd.
Vernon Crawford. Born 1986.
Terre Haute. Indiana.
We got a mole.
Viking is category one.
This isn't a fishing trip.
This is a manhunt.
Kill or capture.
Flush this motherfucker out.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Fuck.
Go ahead. laugh it up.
I'm sorry.
No. please.
I'm so sorry.
Who doesn't enjoy
the misfortune of others?
Also. I'm never
normally this funny.
Where I'm from.
now you make a wish.
I wish the last
30 seconds never happened.
You sure about that?
Anyway. you blew it.
You have to close your eyes
and say it here.
Otherwise. it won't come true.
Too late.
You missed it.
What. I don't
get a second chance?
It doesn't work like that.
If I beg?
You can't bargain with fate.
You're just
going to have to accept
that what
just happened happened.
and there's nothing
you can do about it.
Dad?
What's with this?
Bit of light bedtime reading.
War Related Psychological Trauma.
By Dr. Elizabeth Lee.
I like to unwind
in the evenings.
-Why do you do that?
-What?
Make everything a joke
when I'm trying to be serious.
It's actually
funnier than it sounds.
Not everything
has to be fun with me. Dad.
I'm a grown-up.
I can handle things.
I want you to trust me
like I'm trying to trust you.
I trust you.
I will trust you.
Have you seen my phone?
I heard it ping.
Yeah. it's over there.
Some doctor texted.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Would you even
tell me if you weren't?
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
You had an unexplained pain
in your elbow. so you called me.
I gave you an appointment
and an emergency prescription.
Just tell me what they said.
A contact in our foreign office
will reach out to negotiate
Samia Zahir's release.
assisted by
Emirati intelligence.
UAE?
Samia is still in Khartoum.
but now in the hands
of Emirati officers.
If she survives interrogation.
she'll be on her way
to Abu Dhabi.
Dubai. more likely.
So you'll attempt
to negotiate her release?
In exchange
for recruiting this man...
yes.
Uh. so. here and here.
No one has taken measurements
since '97
using the old techniques.
Before GPS.
they had to calibrate equipment
to sync across stations.
Talk about a pain in the ass.
What?
One day. all Iranian girls
will be like you.
I hope not. I'm a mess.
Are you coming to the lab?
Uh. I have to return these
to the library.
-but I'll catch you later.
-Okay. Bye.
I told the truth.
He was staring at her.
Insulted her.
-Insulted my home.
-Everyone at that party
was staring at her.
She looked amazing.
She can also speak for herself.
You must call my father
and tell him I'm innocent.
If I talk to anyone.
I'll tell them
what really happened.
You want to put my family
in a dangerous position?
Do that.
it is you who is in danger.
Big mistake!
So. what's the deal?
Split up and go in
separate elevators.
or waltz in together.
holding hands?
Split. for sure.
That was a joke.
It's not that big of a deal.
People arrive at work
at the same time.
It doesn't necessarily mean
they're having sex.
Maybe just
hang back two minutes.
Uh. I'll go in first.
Trust me. you want
to avoid the whispering.
Hassan made contact
with Gremlin.
Final hearing's Monday.
He's pressuring her
not to testify.
Talk to me more about this guy.
Rich kid.
Throws parties.
trips into the desert.
Fast cars. recreational drugs.
So he's young. dumb
and full of... fun.
He also has a master's
and spent two years at Cornell.
Once he settles down.
he'll inherit his birthright.
A big job at daddy's side.
I see
where you're going with this.
-Where's he going?
-Where am I going?
A foreign national
approaching the son
of a high-level advisor?
Exactly. Think about optics
for Gremlin.
That's why
it won't look like us.
IRG know our playbook.
We play safe.
So dumb is the new smart?
I want
the best asset we can get.
Just by being there.
Gremlin's risking her life.
Or worse.
I want value from that.
Value?
Yes. value.
Yesterday. Buzzard
requested some site-specific
seismic research.
confirming his involvement in a
nuclear waste disposal program.
Buzzard's small fry.
If she doesn't testify.
we lose Buzzard.
It's worth it.
To lose a fish almost
-on the hook?
-To hook a bigger one.
Uh. my gut says to play safe.
Iran's a powder keg.
It's too dangerous
a theater to take risks.
Gremlin's target
remains Buzzard.
What's going on?
-What?
-You know what.
You and "Keith."
-Craig?
-Whatever.
-What do you mean?
-I mean. Naomi.
every time I go up against you.
I get sideswiped
by your new boyfriend.
What. are you a double act now?
Heads up. it's not a good look.
You think Henry
doesn't spot that if I do?
Believe it or not.
it is possible to fuck someone
without entirely
losing your mind.
Peace offering.
My boyfriend
already got me coffee.
No. wait.
I don't have one.
Look. Raine. I'm sorry.
Yeah. Tell it
to your imaginary girlfriend.
Don't.
I didn't say anything.
I can hear you thinking.
I'm thinking
am I your imaginary girlfriend?
Because right now
I'm imaginary pissed off
you almost cheated on me.
You said that
we weren't a thing.
Why. you want to date?
Hmm.
In your fucking dreams.
Enter.
Henry. I wasn't aware
we were supposed to...
We weren't. which is good.
"Not aware"
is our modus operandi.
May I?
I'm all ears.
This is sensitive.
Aspects of
certain recent operations
have brought to light
the possibility
of security breaches.
Sphere of operations?
Russian. but not
limited to that.
This is a mole hunt.
I... I don't like that word.
Makes this sound
cute and cuddly.
What would you prefer?
I prefer no word at all.
After all. this isn't happening.
In an ideal world. it never did.
Oh. for an ideal world.
Your start point will be
to draw up a matrix of those
who had access to specific
restricted handling intel.
Intel that may have leaked
during an actionable window.
And I was outside
of that circle.
Yes.
Lucky me.
No oil. No resin.
100% natural and untreated.
Rectangular cut.
No inclusions or fractures.
Estimate...
8.3 carats.
Who will risk burning
their fingers. no questions?
Where's it really from?
How did you get it?
Thank you for your time.
I'll see myself out.
Three million.
Sterling?
Dollars.
Euros.
Done.
The cashier can make a draft
on your way out. Or...
cash? Bullion?
Cash.
There's more
where that came from.
More?
A lot more.
Okay. a war buddy
who wants to become a merc.
-Cold.
-Why?
If you fought
alongside him against ISIS.
he'd remember you.
All right. a friend of a friend.
We leverage
someone else he knows.
Warmer. gets you a number.
doesn't get you into Africa.
So we find an old
prison buddy. lean on him.
Yeah. 'cause
they're trustworthy.
Spill it.
Spill what?
Eyes half closed.
barely moved in an hour.
What's on your mind?
We're all asking
the same question.
How did this happen?
How did a lamb
stray so far from the flock?
So. it's not an accident.
It's not an accident
he's American.
We think of Valhalla
as a private military company.
What if we started looking
at it as an intelligence agency?
I mean. for Christ's sake.
look what they just did.
Executed a double agent.
It's either dumb luck...
No such thing.
Or spy work.
They're great at making us
think they're thugs.
Are sledgehammers just
one hell of a smokescreen?
For what?
That's the scary part.
What if this African unit
isn't just a bunch of
lone wolves fleecing war zones?
What if their aim is
to control the entire region?
They're here.
His sister and his mother.
they're here in the UK.
Uh...
Robyn Crawford
is an Air Force nurse
with the 48th Medical Group
stationed at Lakenstone Airbase.
His mother followed her here.
is working logistics
for Halliburton on the base.
Viking's family is here.
They're three hours away.
Dumb luck?
Don't you just fucking love it?
Bosko's gonna have to brief
the State Department on Viking.
I want someone in the room.
They'll want details.
Don't give them any.
Bosko hates me. Send Blair.
Oh. so he can hate me. too?
There's no "I" in "team."
There's a "U" in "cocksucker."
Do you have his name?
We can refer to him as "Viking."
What can I tell
the joint chiefs about him?
First of all...
if anything.
I mean anything... leaks.
if our target gets wind
that we've ID'd him.
he'll vanish.
Jim. the White House
sent me here.
All right.
born. Phoenix. Arizona.
Russian parents.
Only child.
raised by his father.
Moved with his wife and daughter
to St. Albans.
West Virginia. 2014.
Joined the Marines. 2015.
Two cousins in Utah.
And that's all
I can tell you now.
The rest is unverified or...
too sensitive.
Well. be assured. we want this
bastard strung up at any cost.
Then you can tell Washington
that we will catch this guy.
We'll truss him up and we will
bring him back for trial.
Worry about the first part.
Dead or alive.
-Thanks. Jim.
-Thank you. Tom.
Do you know what a dye test is?
-A dye test?
-Dye test.
Yeah. Uh. a dye test.
it's another word for...
A dye test is
if any of those lies
I just fed the White House
ends up in the press.
we know who leaked it.
Right. I was...
I was gonna say that.
Are you interested
in field duty?
A hundred percent.
Rule number one of field duty.
Hide your damn feelings.
Rule two. learn how to lie.
Yes. sir.
Uh. a hundred percent.
A hundred percent?
I'd say 50. tops.
This phone feeds audio.
Don't worry which pocket
or putting it on a table.
-We clean it.
-Try it.
"The quick brown fox jumps
over the lazy traitor."
You're kidding.
Try and find it.
Where the fuck is it?
You see this dot here?
This?
That looks like dirt.
It's a camera. Put it on.
There are tiny bone conduction
-speakers. so...
-Yeah. I can hear you
in my head.
Yep. We see what you see.
You hear us.
Unless you take it off.
If you do.
sit it someplace useful.
And don't wear it backwards.
Unless you're. uh.
running for your life
and you want us to see
who's chasing.
You got a minute?
What's up?
Owen in the field.
We're sending him to Suffolk.
Well. once he's under.
he's under.
What if the road
leads all the way
to Central African Republic?
Then we pop the champagne.
Owen fucked up in Minsk.
He knows how. when and where.
It's not a black mark.
It's experience.
Right.
Good opportunity for him.
You know about Naomi and Craig?
I do now.
I'm worried.
What about?
Naomi.
She's super close to her NOC.
When it took a few days
for Gremlin to surface.
she went to pieces.
Naomi was your handler
for years.
And she was a rock.
Which is why this flags.
What are you suggesting?
A handler needs objectivity.
If I take her off Gremlin...
Owen's in on Viking.
Who handles? Blair?
Me.
Gremlin's a natural.
She needs room to play.
not a helicopter mom.
Target confusion. split focus.
Simple. cold. clear signals.
I'll think about it.
I've thought about it.
If they tell you
I'm a traitor.
it's the truth.
I betrayed my country.
I lied to my friends.
my colleagues.
I sacrificed people.
For this. I expect no sympathy.
No forgiveness.
I deserve my fate.
If I had to do it again.
I wouldn't hesitate.
She's calling in four minutes.
-I'm ready.
-Good.
because if you are busy
with something else
and you miss it even once.
people can die.
No pressure.
This is the secure link.
Hit this to record.
Turn it on
whenever you make contact.
If she doesn't call in.
log it here and wait
for the next scheduled time.
After 36 hours.
we check the dead letter box.
I already know all this.
Just following protocol.
Look. this wasn't personal.
Call window in one minute.
This Department exists to serve
the agent in the field.
That comes first.
above everything else.
And I didn't do that?
Because I fucked Craig?
Partly.
What's the other part?
We rotate handlers.
I'm stepping in.
I'll step out again.
When you were in the field.
did I ever make
a single mistake?
Not one.
You have to answer that.
Hey. check out who's here.
Hi. Martian.
Hi. Gremlin.
Martian's going to be
your handler from now on.
Silky.
Is something wrong?
No. no. We sometimes rotate
to keep things fresh.
You're in great hands.
I'm briefed. No need to retrace.
Let's jump in.
How are you doing?
-Good.
-Great. Listen.
what are your thoughts about
getting closer to Hassan Zamani?
Hassan?
That would be hard.
Why?
Buzzard.
The assault. The inquiry.
We agree working
both targets is tricky.
Wait. Hassan
is a possible target?
His father is
a government advisor on energy.
Sure. but his son's a psycho.
Well. the view is here.
any day now.
he'll be working for his father.
-Do we know that?
-We need to find out.
If it's true. Hassan
becomes the primary target.
But I'm...
testifying
against him next week.
You know that. right?
That's the thing. Don't.
What?
Don't testify.
But don't lose Buzzard.
Buzzard remains
your secondary target.
Can you manage that?
Uh... uh. I don't know.
You'll find a way.
We know you.
You can do it.
I'm just saying. feels weird.
A fellow American.
You read the briefing.
Guy like this doesn't
consider folks like you
to be fellow Americans.
"Operation to capture man
who slayed a Russian warlord
with a 12-pound hammer."
Excuse me while I cry a river.
A river of tax dollars.
Seriously? Fellow American?
You haven't been around
poor white folks much.
Haven't served with them.
Put it on the line.
The fuck do you think I'm doing?
Going to meet
a nurse in England.
It's not exactly a fast rope
into a Taliban fire base.
That's great.
It's great. No. that's perfect.
That's perfect
for my confidence.
What are you trying to do.
are you bullying me?
Bullying?
Owen. you are an East Coast.
libtard. surrender-monkey pussy.
The folks you about
to infiltrate are not.
This here is training.
motherfucker.
-What's up?
-IDs?
-Hey.
-Hey. rook.
They got you stuck in here.
restacking shelves?
Eh. Dr. Groves said
this needed doing.
Groves says
clean the can. just do it.
He's a real bastard.
Thanks for the heads-up.
I'm still finding my way around.
I just transferred here
from Midhurst.
I'm Steve.
-Robyn.
-You been here long?
Two years.
It ain't so bad
once you get oriented.
Well. maybe you can
show me the... ropes.
You're quitting?
I'm so grateful for everything.
Really. I-I thank you
for this opportunity.
but I. uh.
I can't go on.
Why now?
I'm sorry.
Come on. Danny. Talk to me.
I thought I'd get used
to living here. but...
The truth.
I went to a party with Zak.
And?
This boy called Hassan
got into a fight with him.
and he's asked me
to testify against him tomorrow.
Slowly. from the top.
The other boy's name
is Hassan Zamani.
As in Majid Zamani?
His son.
Are you off Gremlin
because of us?
Expressly.
As in.
that was the reason I was given.
Well. I've made my bed.
Now I'm gonna lie in it.
Wait. what are you doing?
CCTV black spot.
-How do you even know that?
-I need a favor.
Iran desk
is still across Gremlin.
If anything bugs you
about that mission.
I want you to come to me.
That is a total line cross
and you know it.
Why do you think I've literally
backed you into a corner. Craig?
If anyone finds out.
I am fucked.
I need this.
And it's not personal.
This is me doing my job.
I need ongoing intel.
even if we break up.
I just need to know
what's happening with Gremlin.
Even if we break up?
-Yeah.
-So we're together?
Yes. we're together. Craig.
But only if you lie for me.
Deal.
When talking
about planning for the region.
it's less about risk-reward
than operational feasibility.
Can the service
run agents in Iran anymore?
Our view from the Gulf Desk...
it's too expensive.
IRGC are on tilt.
Regional heat from Gaza
has agents from France.
Israel. Sweden. all swept up.
The field in Tehran's
too hostile.
Placing or recruiting
a high-value Iranian asset
-too risky.
-I disagree.
You think Gulf Desk is capable
of running an agent in Iran?
Oh. frankly. no.
And after
listening to Webb there.
I'm convinced it can't.
But I can.
Recruit in Iran.
From China desk?
Guóanbùare everywhere.
Why aren't we?
It's a question of
where to push and how hard.
I don't want to
tread on toes. but in 30 days.
I can deliver
a high-value asset in Tehran.
Guaranteed.
You been in a bar before?
A military base bar
is not a bar.
Don't look at anyone.
don't talk to anyone.
And don't order a cosmo.
Pabst Blue Ribbon.
And call it a PBR.
Thanks.
Martian.
you there?
I know you boys are listening.
Should see this guy.
Looks like he's gonna
shit his pants on the way in.
Second stool by the bar.
Can I get a PBR?
Found your way
out the supply closet?
Drink?
Vodka tonic.
♪ Doing keg stands
for pretty girls ♪
♪ With spray-on tattoos... ♪
So. what's up with you?
I'm here for a couple weeks
on travel rotation
before I go on leave.
How long?
Thirty days.
-You banked that much time off?
-Mm-hmm.
You must have worked
all year. no leave.
Why?
Going to Africa.
I'm volunteering with
Doctors Without Borders
at a hospital in Bangui.
Central African Republic?
How do you know the capital
of Central African Republic?
I'm serious.
I had to look it up on a map.
No reason.
Oh. Okay.
Stop nodding.
You're going to Bangui?
I hear it's pretty gnarly.
That's why they need so many
urgent care personnel.
But it's great.
They pay for your travel.
they sort out your visas.
make sure you're safe.
And you can even go
just for a week
and check it out.
Huh.
If you're interested.
I have their card.
Um...
I'll put my number on it.
Well. ain't you smooth.
I'm just messing with you.
Ah. fuck.
Hold on to your beer.
Who's this?
I'm Steve.
I work with Robyn at the clinic.
Steve was just telling me
that he's going to Africa.
-Uh-huh.
-Bangui.
Bangui. huh?
I hear it's real nice
this time of year.
Yeah. I was surprised
that Robyn had heard of it.
Uh. when I heard
I was going there.
I had to look it up on a map.
You did. huh?
You want a drink?
Oh. I don't drink.
Who you say you work for again?
Uh. I'm an Air Force nurse.
ma'am.
Just like my Robyn.
Where'd you train?
I did my BSN
in New York and I got
my OT in Maxwell. Alabama.
So. uh...
do you have any other children.
or is Robyn an only child?
What the fuck is he doing?
I have a brother.
Small world.
You know what. Scott?
I like you.
Thank you.
It's Steve.
Sure it is.
Sorry. Steve.
It's okay.
Can you excuse me?
Yeah.
Where's he going?
Who is he?
Just some guy from work.
He's as slick
as a slipper of shit.
is what he is.
Well. I like him.
I think he's sweet.
Damn. Robyn. you are
as dumb as your fucking dad.
And you're drunk.
Like always.
Me? I'm smart.
Like your brother.
He got my brains.
There he is.
Stevie. baby.
-I gotta go.
-Aw.
She's my ride. now.
Sure was nice meeting you.
Likewise.
It was good
talking to you. Robyn.
Yeah.
I'll see you around.
Okay.
You didn't tell me
this caused you such problems
-at work.
-I didn't know
I would have this...
Well done.
For what?
You figured out Iran.
Involving your boss
to avoid this getting messy.
Very smart.
I don't want
to cause any trouble.
I have nothing
against you or your family.
I got to go.
I'm giving a party tonight.
Come.
He is as slick
as a slipper of shit.
is what he is.
Well. I like him.
I think he's sweet.
Damn. Robyn. you are
as dumb as your fucking dad.
I fucked it. didn't I?
It's not over. Not necessarily.
Come on. Martian.
You heard the splash.
That did not
make it on the fairway.
Any plusses?
You brought the hat back.
How'd it go?
Henry said I fucked it.
Oh. he actually said that?
In more than so many words.
Well. look on the bright side.
At least someone's
having a worse week than me.
It's her.
-It's her?
-It's her.
Sir. she's calling
the burner phone.
Answer it.
Hello?
Steve? It's Robyn. from work.
Is this a bad time?
No. no. it's good.
It's a fine time to call.
It's great.
It's about the NGO.
Yeah. the NGO.
Right. Do... do they
really pay for travel?
Like. all of it?
Every penny.
Come here.
You think I don't see
you and Darya?
What you're up to?
What?
Are you staring
at her tits. too?
Look at that.
What a sense of humor.
I love it.
Anyone for a swim?
On the count of three.
we jump. okay?
One. two.
three!
Whoo!
Did I cause harm?
Yes. I caused harm.
I crossed over.
I compromised missions.
I manipulated agents.
fully aware of
the consequences of my actions.
I knew what I was doing.
I did it anyway.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today